This html and css has the components needed to create a functional website about accessibility. To fully create the website, I first started a template in HTML as a guide to get me through. I linked my CSS page to my HTML so that I would be able to design the website accordingly and give it personality. 
Within the html I have 7 different sections. We have the header outside of the body. Within the body you have the nav links, 3 different main sections, a form section, and a footer. Inside the head you have the components to make the URL and link to the CSS file. Inside the body includes the remaining sections, nav bar, main, form, and footer.
The nav bar includes the link to guide you to each section of the remaining of the body. So if you were to click on the contact us in the browser, the screen will automaticlly scroll down to the contact form section of the page.
The three different main sections each talk about something different, the homepage, about us, and services. These sections are seperated so that the user can easily know the difference between each one and also to be able to add the a tag to navigate to them seperatley.
The form section includes the bars to enter your information needed to submit to the website. The information needed is the name, email, subject, and a message to explain more.
Lastly, we have the footer which includes the copyright, social media tag, and email to contact the company.
Once the HTML was complete then I add fuctions to the CSS to give the site character. Some things added were color, font size, font type, aria features, and more to have a fully functional website.
